Hey, this is Stephen Furtick.
I'm the pastor of Elevation Church, and this is our podcast.
Be sure to subscribe so we can get you these new sermons every week.
Hope you're blessed today.
I'm standing on the promises of Christ my King.
I'm standing on the promises of God.
How about you?
How about you, the storm came, but my house stood.
Because it was built on the rock.
And I come to the end of this year saying, thank you Lord.
I could complain, but I won't.
Thank you Lord.
I could be afraid, but I refuse.
I refuse the spirit of fear.
I have faith.
I trust in God.
Wow.
Kind of caught me off guard right there.
Little praise service.
It is good and fitting for the upright to praise Him.
It is appropriate for you to praise Him.
It's appropriate for you to praise Him.
Grab a hand next to you, would you?
Repeat after me, Father, I pray for the person on my right and on my left.
Bless them today.
Bless them so good that it makes every curse irrelevant in the name of Jesus.
Bless them so good that they have faith and confidence for whatever they're facing.
Jehovah Jairah, meet their knee.
Jehovah Nisi, fight their battle.
Jehovah Shalom, be their peace.
Thank you, Jesus.
Amen.
Amen again, flat presence in the house.
It's offering weekend.
I have a great giving sermon prepared for you today.
Today you're gonna help me preach in just a few moments.
Those who are here physically and those who are online are going to be bringing their offering.
And whether you're doing that online or whether you're doing that in person, yeah.
The first fruits belong to the Lord.
We are stewards, not owners of anything.
I have my offering ready, as I have prepared this offering for every 20 years.
I never prepared the offering, and God didn't tell me to bump the number up a little bit.
I didn't tell Holly yet, but that happened again this morning.
There are two checks in this envelope, babe.
I'll talk to you about it later.
There was the one that I planned, and then the one that God spoke.
You know, God will speak to you.
I have never asked anyone in this church to give a specific amount of money.
I just told you to ask God and do what He tells you.
And that's what I'd like to talk to you about for a few moments today.
Remain standing and turn in your Bible to John chapter 2.
I need to be a little bit quicker today so y'all listen fast.
We're going to have bonus worship at the end.
You picked a great day to come.
Today these people are going to help me preach God's word.
What a privilege it is.
In John chapter two, the Bible says on the third day a wedding took place at Kaina in Galilee.
Jesus' mother was there, and Jesus and his disciples had also been invited to the wedding.
When the wine was gone, Jesus' mother said to him, they have no more wine.
Woman, why do you involve me?
Jesus replied, great mother's day, first hall, you might want to preach that.
My hour has not yet come, and his mother said to the servants, do whatever he tells you.
Nearby stood six stone water jars, the kind used by the Jews for ceremonial washing, each holding from 20 to 30 gallons.
Jesus said to the servants, fill the jars with water so they filled them to the brim.
He told them, now draw some out and take it to the master of the banquet.
They did so, and the master of the banquet tasted the water that had been turned into wine.
He did not realize where it had come from, though the servants who had drawn the water knew.
Then he called the bridegroom aside and said, everyone brings out the choice wine first, and then the cheaper wine after the guests have had too much to drink.
Look at this verse for the end of our year, but you have saved the best till now.
What Jesus did here in Cana of Galilee was the first of the signs through which he revealed his glory and his disciples believed in him.
I read you 11 verses just for the sake of reading you one.
Go back to verse five and I'll give you my message today.
His mother said to the servants, do whatever
He tells you, do whatever He tells you.
I want to use this as a subject today for this sermon, Mary's Prayer.
Mary's Prayer.
Father, I ask now that you would answer this prayer.
Speak to your people.
Give them courage to obey.
In the name of Jesus, amen.
You may be seated.
Now, that's not exactly a Christmas scripture I read you, but it features the main character of Christmas, so it counts.
Mary and Mary, the mother of Jesus, was in many ways you could say the initiator of the first miracle that he did.
Let's give it up for Mary, everybody.
Clap those hands and thank God for Mary.
Now, we don't pray to Mary, we pray to God the Father through Jesus.
But Mary's prayer is what I want to talk to you about today, not the Hail Mary or anything like that, but I want to talk to you about Mary's prayer today.
In order to illustrate this, I want to tell you two unusual things that happened to me this week.
Now, I not only study the scriptures, but I study my life.
And I think that sometimes God preaches through ordinary events.
One thing that happened to me this week that was kind of unusual, the Lord prompted in my heart
to give a specific amount of money to a church that is just getting started, a brand new church.
I know what that feels like, and I saw the budget for their launch of their church, and I know the pastor pretty well, and I knew how hard it was going to be to transport all of the families that are going to start and all of that, and I said, you know what, I want our church to help their church, because when you're starting out, every little bit matters.
And so what we did, we sent 10% of their entire budget from our church to help them start their church this week.
Now, we do that all the time.
Millions of dollars go out through this ministry.
There are pastor after pastor after pastor who would stand on this stage and tell you thank you for your faithfulness and your generosity.
But what made this one unusual was I got a text from the pastor after I told him the gift was on the way.
because I wanted him to know, I wanted him to know he could count on us.
And I thought that might help him sleep better at night if he knew he was just moving toward the goal.
And I sent him the number and he texts back and said, this is insane.
You are not going to believe this.
And he sent me a voice memo that he had sent me back in March.
Now, it's December.
So back in March, he had sent me a voice memo.
And on the voice memo, I listened to it again and I checked the date and the timestamp.
And this was before he knew he was starting a church.
This was before, definitely before we decided to give him any money.
And he had left me a voice memo saying, I had the craziest dream.
I dreamed that you gave me the exact, it was the exact amount of money that we did give him.
And I didn't remember the voice memo.
And maybe he like did a mind game on me.
and planted that.
Like, maybe it was inception.
Maybe he's just that smart.
But even so, I thought it was crazy.
It was the exact amount.
And it wasn't a round number.
You're like, it was probably like $20,000 or $50,000.
No, it was $55,000.
So who just, why 55?
Why did he dream 55 in March?
Unless he's the biggest manipulator of all time.
I think sometimes
God will prompt your heart in order to provide for somebody in a way that you can't predict.
And I'll give you the second story.
The second story is not quite as dramatic, but it's still kind of cool.
I was on a date night with Holly over at Lomamas.
The other week we ordered the mozzarella.
We ate the appetizer.
The warm mozzarella is very, very worthwhile for all of the calorie counters.
You definitely should spend some.
Now, between the appetizer and the main course, I got up.
just for a quick bathroom break.
And on my way back from the bathroom, I don't know what told me to do it, but something was like, check Graham's location.
I knew where Abby was.
I knew where Elijah was.
But it was like, check on Graham.
Where's Graham at tonight?
Not because I don't trust him.
I was just curious.
So I pulled up on my phone, checked his location.
He was at a Mexican restaurant just right next door.
So I told Holly, I'll be right back.
I'm gonna go see Graham real quick.
I'm gonna surprise him.
It worked out so great.
Because I saw through the window as I was walking by this neon yellow
a beanie that he wears, so I knew it was him.
So I sneak around, there's five guys sitting at the booth, and I just pop my head right over the booth, and I say, what's up?
And his face looked like I had been off at war for a year, and he hadn't seen me, you know?
And he's like, what are you doing here?
I'm like, I'm on a date with mom to say, the mozzarella one, come check on you, saw you on the phone.
How'd you know I was here?
I checked you on the phone, don't you ever forget?
I could find you anywhere.
But then just something prompted me as I was leaving the restaurant.
And it's a small thing.
I'm not saying it's huge, but it was just like, hey, pay for their meal.
And I had some cash.
So I said, have y'all paid yet?
They had already eaten.
I said, have y'all paid yet?
After I dapped everybody up, have y'all paid yet?
No, sir.
And I just put the money down on the table, probably twice as much as they needed, and said, here you go.
Love you, see, and going back to C-Mom.
I walked out.
I came back home later, and I'm going to let him tell you the rest of the story.
Come on up here, son.
Y'all give it up for Graham.
Now, this is kind of crazy.
This is kind of crazy.
See what you think, you fam, but to me, this was kind of crazy.
Grab that mic and tell them, when I got home, I said, what did you think when I popped up at the restaurant?
He said, it was crazy.
I said, you didn't expect me.
And then you said, no, there's even more to it.
Yeah, the reason why it was so crazy is because you guys probably won't even believe it.
But when we were there at the restaurant, you can ask Evan, we were talking about generosity.
And one of my friends was talking about how
One of his favorite things that he's been preaching about, telling people about is generosity.
And it just sparked that conversation we were talking about.
However, if you don't, if you're not generous, if you don't trust God with your money, what you're really saying is that, and we said this exactly, we were saying is that you don't view God as a father because everyone knows that a father provides for his children.
And so as we're saying that, we have that whole conversation and then we wait a little bit.
And then a couple of minutes later, we just see a head pop above the booth.
And we were dapping him up.
It was crazy.
And then he puts the money on the table when he walked away.
And we kind of paused for a second.
We were like, when were we just talking about a father providing for his children?
And so we just thought it was really cool that we got an in real life illustration of how a father provides for his children.
I'm a good, good father.
It's who you are.
who I am, who were the jean jacket better?
I thought that was crazy.
I thought that was crazy, especially going into our giving weekend.
In just a few moments, thousands of people all over this church are going to come forward and make a declaration.
I have a father.
He's faithful.
He cares for me.
He provides for me.
I just want to remind you for
Two seconds, or maybe like 25 minutes, two things about God.
One is, God provides for you.
And the second is, God prompts you.
God provides for you, and God prompts for you.
God prompts you.
God provides for you, and God prompts you.
So you may be surprised where God provides for you.
And how God provides for you.
He might pop up at a Mexican restaurant.
Next time he might do it at a Chinese buffet, he could do it anywhere.
Tell somebody he could do it anywhere.
And now look at your other neighbor that you've ignored every time I've said, touch your neighbor today and tell him he can do it through anyone.
You don't believe me?
God prompted Elijah in the Bible to go to the brook and prompted a bird to bring him bread.
God can do it anywhere.
He can do it through any one.
A bird isn't even a person.
And God is my provider.
I want to build your faith a little bit today.
Just say it out loud.
God is my provider.
Say, God provides for me.
He's a good father.
He provides for me.
He provides for me in the strangest of places.
If it takes him bringing water from a rock in the wilderness, God provides for me.
If it takes him sending a shepherd with a stone to bring down a giant because the whole army is too afraid, God provides for me.
If it takes him using a stick over a red sea to make a way for me to my freedom, God provides for me.
Put it in the chat, God provides for me.
God provides for me.
If it starts with a little bit of oil and I borrow a few jars, the capacity will never be on God.
The capacity will be on me because God
provides for me.
You're saying, is this prosperity theology?
No, this is just gospel belief.
Faith in a God who gave his son for me.
How should he who gave his son not also freely give us all things?
God provides for me.
He meets my needs.
He opens doors for me.
He closes doors for me.
He brings people into my life.
He shows people out of my life.
He yanks stuff out.
He plants stuff in.
He waters stuff.
He calls forth stuff.
God provides for me.
I don't know who is for, but you got a lot of needs at the end of this year.
But your needs are not greater than Jehovah-Nissi.
God provides for me.
Shout it out loud.
We're used to sermons about God providing for us in the wilderness, that is the drastic, dramatic situations in our life.
But here we find the first demonstration of the provision of Jesus in the gospels is not in the wilderness, but at a wedding.
He can do it anywhere.
He can bless you just as good in the high times as the low times.
The Bible says that they were at a wedding and the wine ran out, but Jesus was on the scene.
And you'll notice that Mary prompts Jesus to do something about it.
She doesn't exactly pray to him.
She just makes him aware of the situation.
Have you ever just made God aware of a situation?
Like God, just you see how they're treating me, right?
I'm not saying you should smite them or anything like that or give them a hernia, but God, you see how they're treating me, right?
I'm not telling you to give them a flat tire, but you see how they just cut me off, right?
And you saw it and flip them off, right?
God, I'm not trying to give you any ideas, but Mary says to Jesus, they have no more want.
And he says, woman, why do you involve me?
My hour has not yet.
But the Bible says in verse five that his mother watched this interesting strategy said to the servants, do whatever he tells you.
Now, she's talking to Jesus, they have no more wine.
Jesus talks to her, that has nothing to do with me.
She turns away from Jesus to the servants and says, do whatever he tells you.
God provides.
So if God provides, why didn't Jesus say yes when she asked him the first time?
So here's what I think about it.
I think a lot of times in my life recognizing that God is my provider and that he is my father.
I mean, you heard Graham up here.
I'm his father.
When I showed up with my head over the booth, he didn't know what blessings I brought with me, but I was happy to do it.
Isn't it true that sometimes you treat God more like your phone than your father?
I hope y'all got all your shouting done before I got to this point.
Because I realized that many of us treat God like chat GPT on our phone.
And when we say, I sought the Lord, and he heard, and he answered, what we mean is, I told God what he needed to do for me, and he did it.
And so we end up, how many of you use chat GPT regularly, and you're not ashamed to admit it, but you would never use it in a class.
You would never use it illicitly.
You would never use it to prepare a sermon.
I would never do that, but I might ask Chad TPT, hey, what's the weather going to be like in Charlotte tomorrow?
Oh, it's going to be cold tomorrow.
It's going to be real.
How cold?
Give it to me in degrees.
Not Celsius, Fahrenheit.
I heard of one student, not a student who goes to this church, but I heard of one student who regularly uploads their math worksheets to chat GPT and tells chat, chat GPT, answer these problems for me.
Give them all in number form.
Don't show your work.
Don't try to teach me how to do it.
Just give me answers.
Not a student in this church.
This is a revival generation in this church.
But think about it.
When you talk to chat GPT,
You prompt chat GPT according to your preference to meet your purpose.
I would demonstrate it for you right now, but I don't trust chat GPT enough to say the right things back.
What I am telling you is that when we begin to think that we prompt God like we prompt chat GPT, because some of us do our entire prayer life,
It's pretty much like we're just prompting God.
Hey God, I need you to provide for me.
I got this meeting at nine o'clock.
I need you to help me through this meeting in Jesus name, Amen.
God, I need you to give me a new job.
I don't like my job.
And I need a new job.
And when this is not going to be really hard, but it's going to pay really well.
And I don't become from my family very much, Lord.
But if you could give me a job that will provide for me above the amount of time that I'm willing to spend working in it.
And God, I would like to have a lot of authority, but I don't want to lead any people because I don't really like people.
So I'd like to be able to be an introvert, but still have a lot of authority within the organization.
God, in Jesus' name, chat, G-O-D.
But G-O-D is not G-P-T. You don't prompt God.
God prompts me.
I mean, the disciples were always having to learn this.
Check it out.
They were in a remote place.
Jesus was teaching people.
The disciples go up to Jesus and they say, hey, Jesus, you've been teaching a long time.
You need to shut this down.
The people are hungry.
They didn't care about the people.
They were hungry.
So what are they doing?
They are prompting Jesus.
It'd be a good idea for you, Jesus.
If you send the crowds away, they can go get something to eat.
Send them away.
Jesus said, they don't need to go away.
You give them something to eat.
Now, this is what's interesting about the disciples.
They already knew that Jesus could do the supernatural.
They had seen demons come out of people.
They had seen the best.
They went forth in the ministry.
Great miracles happened.
But just because you've been discipled once doesn't mean that you're fully developed.
I was talking to my friend the other day about somebody that they discipled back in college.
And when they discipled this person back in college, it's been like 30 years now.
And the person that they discipled, I don't know if y'all have ever heard that term before, it's like we use it to say mentored them spiritually.
They discipled this person.
And this person is so far off the map now, this person is a mess.
And I looked at the person who was bragging that they discipled the other person, I said, you discipled them?
And they said, yeah, I discipled them.
And I said, I think you need to recycle them.
Because sometimes we need to be recycled.
Sometimes we forget who our source is and where our help comes from.
And sometimes we pray and God provides, but we start prompting God for what we want.
And I came to say today, God is the prompter, not you, not me.
We don't get to tell Jesus who to send away.
We don't get to tell God what to do even with our own lives.
I will preach this whether you like it or not.
God is not your phone.
He is your father.
You don't give the commands.
He does.
We don't draw the lines around our life.
We don't get to tell God what we will and won't do with our gift.
He gave the gift.
It's his to use.
We don't get to tell God when it should happen.
We have to trust Him with the tithing, if the timing and the tithing.
Little slip right there.
Why would we say we trust in God when we won't even bring Him what He gave to us to begin with?
I feel anointed to break this spirit off of people today who are saying, I'm seeking the Lord, but all I'm really doing is telling the Lord what I think He needs to do when maybe He has a command that contradicts my own preferences that He is trying to bring forth in my life.
So all that to say, I trust in God.
more than I trust in myself."
And that's why Mary's prayer wasn't, Jesus, do whatever I tell you.
It was verse 5.
Do whatever He tells you.
Most of us do the exact opposite with God.
God, chat G-O-D, do whatever I tell you.
And I'll say it real nice and everything like that, but what I'm really saying is God
Do send me a husband.
Make him not too tall, not too short, not too busy, not too lazy.
God, make him able to sing, but not arrogant about his singing ability.
God, as we're good, amen, in Jesus' name, spend around three times.
Yabbatabadouya, do with Jesus.
Chagioti.
But see, see, you're not holding God in your hands.
He's holding you in his hands.
And we need to be recycled.
Come on, help me preach, Rosalind.
You are not holding him.
He's holding you.
That's why I never felt like I was doing God a favor when I gave.
I never felt like I was doing God a favor when I praised.
I never felt like I was doing God a favor when I preached.
God, you mean you would let me open your word as filthy as I am, as flawed as I am, as unfinished as I am?
You would let me open your word and preach.
You would let me lead a church that's reaching the world.
I'm honored to do it.
I'm privileged to do it.
You don't owe me anything, God.
If you never do anything else from me,
Just for salvation is enough.
You provide for me.
And you prompt me.
And I don't prompt you.
You don't have to do what I want you to do.
You know the plans you have for me.
You know the hope you have for me.
And I trust in God.
I trust in God like Abraham trusted in God.
God prompted Abraham.
He said, go to the land I'll show you.
You would say, God, show me and I'll go.
God said, go and I'll show you.
I'm not going to give you all the details.
You don't prompt God.
God prompts you.
Come on, can I talk about Moses?
God told Moses, go to Pharaoh and say, let my people go.
Moses didn't tell God what to do to Pharaoh.
God told Moses what to say.
God prompts me.
Say it.
me.
I don't prompt God.
I don't give God my 10-year plan.
I don't even tell God what I'm supposed to preach about.
I ask Him, what do your people need?
What is the fresh word from heaven that you want to deliver?
What is that, brother?
That's sister dealing with this week that if a word comes from heaven and you prompt their heart and they follow in obedience, if you will do whatever he told you, you will see him do exceedingly abundantly.
I'm preaching Graham.
Above all, you ask or think or imagine high five three people say, I've got a father.
and he'll stick his head over the booth, and he will pay for your meal.
He's my provider, and he's my prompter.
And come back, Graham, I've got to show you something.
This boy, every Sunday night, is living in the blessing of the faithfulness of the ministry of the people in this church.
To see, I want to tell you something.
the next meal I want you to buy.
For somebody that you're sitting with, because God is a provider, but he's also a prompter.
So how can we always just want the provision if we don't want to be prompted?
And I'm not saying you're cheap, and I know you're kind of broke.
And that's all right for another couple of years, because I got you for a minute, but not for that long.
But every Sunday night,
This boy is teaching a Bible study at this church, and I'm proud of all of my kids, but I just wanted to use him because he has the jean jacket on.
Look, this boy is preaching a Bible study every Sunday night, and it started with God prompting him.
Everybody say, God prompts me.
Pray it like a prayer.
Say, God prompt me.
prompt me what to do about this issue with my parents.
Prompt me what to do about this situation with my kids.
Prompt me what to do about this situation with the company.
Prompt me, God, prompt me.
Not like Chad GPT, like Lord, show me which city to move in and make sure it has a good climate and make sure it also has good economic opportunities.
And God, make sure there's also good friends there and a good church there.
And when I get to the church there, God, make sure that the services are long enough, really touch me deeply, but short enough to get me out in time for lunch and deep enough where I can be discipled, but wide enough and broad enough so I can invite my own church friends and they can understand.
This is not GPT.
This is G-O-D. God prompts me, and God prompted you to start a Bible study for your friends.
And we did it upstairs in the playroom on Sunday nights.
And I would watch this boy, and sometimes it would be five people.
Sometimes it would be 10.
Let me show you what a big group looked like.
This was just this past summer.
A big group, look at that screen.
A big group, the other one.
Look at that screen.
A big group was nine kids.
God prompted him.
He was passionate for his friends to know Jesus.
I related to that because I remember when God prompted me to run the Fellowship of Christian Athletes at our school.
I said athletes kind of slow because it stood for FCA and some of them weren't living right, so they used to make fun of it.
They would call it FCA Fellowship of Christian Alcoholics, but I did not endorse that.
That was not good.
I was trying to get them saved.
And I would teach Bible studies.
And so when I saw you doing that, I was like, that's good, that's good.
And then when we, I don't know, but 20 people came.
And see, when God prompts you with something, He will give you a small prompt with a big purpose.
The more it's doing to work in this place today, the hearts are receptive.
You can feel it.
There's faith in the room.
God's presence is here, you can sense it.
It's the prompting of the Holy Spirit.
It may not be in regards to an offering or it may.
It may be a Bible study.
He was prompted to start a Bible study.
He was patient.
As week after week, his friends wouldn't come.
They would come.
They wouldn't come.
Maybe only Austin would show up.
Maybe only Evan would show up.
Maybe only Colton would show up.
It would just be week after week, but God was prompting him and he was faithful and I watched him do it.
One week when they had that big crowd, there was a
kid there who was a part of our residence program for worship, kind of like an apprenticeship, a discipleship program we had for worship leaders.
And they were finishing Bible study and Graham said, Dad, do you have an acoustic guitar that Daniel can play?
And I have a few guitars and some of them are real nice.
So I got one of the other ones.
You know, there's a bunch of boys up there.
I don't really trust them like that.
And I handed Daniel the guitar.
And within two weeks,
Look what was happening in the same playroom from a prompt.
Now show them the video.
Remember that?
Yeah.
Y'all.
That's the room over the kitchen in our house.
The floor was shaking so hard in the kitchen.
I thought they were about to come through the roof.
Remember in the Bible when they tore off the roof to get the man to Jesus?
I was like, y'all are not coming through my roof.
This is not the Bible.
I do not have homeowners insurance for that.
Can y'all see that in the news?
Wouldn't that be in the news for three weeks straight?
If they've fast referred, it killed the kids at the E group at the Elevation Church.
But the floor didn't give way because it was built on the rock.
Come on.
It was a solid foundation.
We were standing on the promise.
And the floor was shaking and I said, Graham, this is good, but y'all got to move.
Y'all got to go.
I don't know where we're going to go.
But see, there are some people in this church
who were prompted years ago.
And what you don't understand is every Sunday night, now hundreds of these kids get together.
Show them my next video please at our Matthew's location and watch these kids and how they're praising.
And that, that praise, that praise, go with me church, that praise started with the prompt.
Graham, look out here.
Everybody who ever gave to this ministry or served in this ministry stand up.
Now, what y'all are doing is amazing, and I thank God for it.
But y'all's praise started with their prompting.
And they said, yes.
Y'all's praise started with their prompting.
And I wonder what God's going to prompt today.
And I wonder who is going to be praising God.
I read the strangest verse, y'all.
I read a verse from Galatians 124 where Paul said something so unusual.
He said, and they praised God because of me.
What a thing to say.
Every single one of you who gives today, somebody is going to be praising God.
Some mom is going to be praising God because their kid came back to Christ.
Somebody is going to be praising God because of me.
Now, Graham, you can go sit down and you can sit down for a moment to get out your offering card and envelope, please.
The Holy Spirit is in this place.
And the only instruction from the Holy Spirit is do whatever He tells you to do.
How long have we been trying to get God to do what we want Him to do?
But have we asked Him?
God, out of all the gifts you've given me, out of all the resources you've given me, you are the source.
You are G-O-D. You are my God.
Mary's prayer.
You remember what Mary said when the angel told her that she was going to give birth to Jesus in Luke chapter one, verse 37.
He said, no word from God will ever fail.
And Mary said, I don't see how it's going to happen.
I don't really understand it.
But I am the Lord's servant.
May your word to me be fulfilled."
That was Mary's prayer.
You know, we do just the opposite sometimes.
We say, God, may my word to you be fulfilled.
Here's what I want you to do, Lord.
But no, God can do immeasurably more than you ask or imagine.
I didn't want 100 kids jumping upstairs in my house.
That's a nightmare.
But what I thought was a nightmare, God turned into a revival.
May your word to me be fulfilled.
God is a provider.
God is a prompter.
He prompted Peter to go to a man named Cornelius' house, and the gospel came to the Gentile world.
He prompted a man named Anaius to lay his hands on Brother Saul, and Brother Saul became Paul, and the gospel went forward to the Roman Empire.
What is God prompting you to do?
What's the word that you want to choose as one year ends and another begins?
And oh, by the way, I'm not just speaking to people in the room.
Those of you all over the world who are blessed by this ministry.
Now you have been blessed to be a blessing.
is God prompting you to make a difference.
I believe the next 20 years of our ministry are going to make the first 20 years of the ministry look like a startup in a garage somewhere.
I believe God is about to do something so amazing that we'll be talking about.
Do you remember when we only had 20 campuses?
Do you remember back in 2025, back in the old early days, God is about to blow our mind and it starts with the prompting.
Graham, you're at the living room tonight because Greg and Autumn said yes to a prompting.
18 years they've given to this offering.
Chunks and Amy, 20 years they've given to this offering.
20 years, Eric and Nicole have given to this offering.
Nine years, Jonathan Josephs and Anna Josephs have given to this offering.
God has been faithful to us.
And when you don't give, you say, I don't trust that I have a father who can provide for me.
But if you ever seen him pop his head up behind your booth and take care of your needs, now is an opportunity for you to tell him, thank you.
What more could we do?
He's done everything for us.
So our word for this year is going to be the word light.
Jesus said, my yoke is easy and my burden is light.
And a lot of times I realized that I take on things like they're all on me and not on God.
And that's a sin, y'all.
So this year, I'm going to take Jesus at his word.
And I'm going to hook up in the harness with him a little bit more.
And I'm going to ask him to make my burden light this year.
How many of you will agree with me this year that the Lord will make my burden a little lighter?
Yeah.
And I'm doing good.
Don't worry about me.
It's not like I'm on the verge of burnout.
But that's an example.
Jonathan, you said your word was?
Come up and say it with me.
Stirred.
I love that word.
Say it in the microphone.
Jonathan's word is stirred.
What a great word to talk about the water into wine.
How they took the water, poured it into jars.
Jesus told them to.
And somewhere when they stirred it, it became what it could never be.
What a great word.
We needn't plan this.
Look how in tune with God you are, mighty man of valor.
In just a moment, all of our campus pastors are going to share with you.
And I want you to take a moment and pick the word, first of all, that's the first thing I want you to do.
And then campus pastors, you come right now.
As everyone's seated, as everybody's preparing to worship, we've saved time.
I am on my clock.
Miracles do happen.
But will you pray Mary's prayer today?
Do whatever.
He tells you and then get ready because when you do what you can do, God will do what you cannot do.
Somewhere they stirred that water and it became wine.
Do you hear me Abby?
When you do what you can do, God will do what you cannot do.
Pick your word.
Anybody got one?
Holler it at me.
Do it Lord.
All that.
Put it in the chat right now online, you're giving, give us the word that you're believing God for.
As a matter of fact, before I turn it around, let's read some of the ones that are coming through online right now, JJ.
This is an amazing moment.
Tell somebody the Lord is here.
Would you love this weekend?
I can feel the faith in generosity of so many people.
So faithful, fearless, helped, faith.
vessel.
Yeah, restore.
Light.
That's my word.
Can't take my word.
Billaboo 23.
You can't have my word.
That's the username.
Billaboo 23.
Get off my word.
Move.
A blaze.
Yield.
Provider.
It's coming through so fast.
What's your word?
May your word God
to me be fulfilled, not just whatever I think I want you to do, what you want to do through my life, what you want to do through this church.
This is your church.
We are your people.
You are our Father.
God, I bring the needs of all of these people before you today from every nation that is watching.
Right here in this local community, you have been good to us.
God, you are Jehovah Jairah.
And in this place, this season, this moment of their life, would you meet every need?
as we do what you tell us to do in Jesus' name.
Amen.
Whether you support us financially or serve with us or just share these messages, it's because of you that we're able to reach people all around the world.
And if you want more information on how to be a part of Elevation, click the link in the description.
Thanks again for listening.
Make sure to leave a review, share the message and subscribe.
God bless you.